oh we're getting birds ah the high DPS
if only it could reach me from my
immortal shell we having fun you you
patrons pay for this experience the
privilege of fighting immortal gods
hello there ladies and gentlemen I'm the
spirit and today we're playing Team
Fortress 2 a very fantastical and
strange game which has actually been
released and on the market now since
2007 making this game 13 years old this
game is one of the strangest games in
existence you might be wondering what is
Team Fortress 2 is it a a competitive
team-based game where you rush to do
objectives and out skill of a player's
is it be a beautiful passion project of
the community which has seen years and
years of love thanks to all of the
players and the developers or z2c are
very complicated and well hidden hat
marketplace which is the first ever
recorded example of digital hat we're
being more valuable than natural real
world hats valve waterbirth of you done
well it turns out Team Fortress 2 isn't
any one of those things it's all of
these things and more it's an absolutely
fantastic and lovely fun game and of
course very recently it's sort of very
strange exploit get added to it now we
managed to record the exploit actually
just before it was patched I'd been
following it for several days and then
as soon as other youtubers started
jumping on board I thought well you know
what I might as well go make my video on
it as well as I won't catch any flak but
now as the exploits been patched I no
longer can catch any flak unless you
happen to own a multiplayer approved
copy of Team Fortress 2 from just about
any of the last five years in which case
you could still pull off this exploit
but for most of us normal human beings
everything is safe and fine now and so I
can release this video showing you how
to gain immortality in Team Fortress 2
without fearing any of the community
based repercussions I must say also
congratulations to the two developers
still working on Team Fortress 2 who are
able to get this exploit patched within
about a week of it becoming public well
done that's very impressive now Team
Fortress 2 when I say this is a
beautiful and incredible community
driven game I really do mean it I think
no better example can be given than the
recent devastating news than the loss of
Rick May who was the voice actor for the
soldier class in Team Fortress 2 as you
can guess this game has been going on
for
years and to the loss of someone whose
voice is being key to the actual journey
of the game has seen a massive and
incredible reaction from the community
is honestly beautiful to see a community
of this size still going 13 years after
release and not actually completely
being a mad crazy cesspool of angry
shouting people not that every game
becomes that the longer it's been
released I'm just saying the openttd has
been out since 2004 and everyone in that
community is so toxic yes Steven you put
your train line down just two hours
planning to build my bus route I know
your game very well I will see you on
the battlefields of capitalism the stock
market Steven I will sync to your coffee
business all of that aside Team Fortress
2 it's a great game strongly recommend
picking it up especially cuz it's free
so today we're going to be pulling off a
very strange exploit which actually
required me to once again some of my
friends I know now in order to actually
pull off this exploit you've needed no
friends so congratulations ninety seven
percent of my audience you'll be able to
do it but for this video I actually
decided summon friends mostly so that we
could all get this exploit testing and
working so that multiple people could
pull it off but mostly so that we could
fill up a server with bots on it so as
to causes little chaos for the lovely
ladies and gentlemen still enjoying this
game at home anyway we should probably
dive into the video so it's time to make
sure you're sat back relaxed you have
your fancy hat on as we're about to dive
into this fantastic video of Team
Fortress 2 so the way this exploit works
is actually relatively simple and many
people have discovered how to do it it
requires very little setup other than to
make sure you have the developer console
enabled access to a keyboard and one of
two very cheap items which you can
either pick up from playing the game or
find on the Steam Community Market the
two items in question are of course the
strange eviction notice all the strange
gloves of running urgently
the reason these items are very unique
is because they drain your maximum
health whilst the item is activated this
is necessary in order to pull off the
exploit so make sure you have access to
these bad boys now once you have those
bad boys equipped hop into any game I
strongly recommend you give this a try
against bots first just so that you get
the hang of it alternatively you can do
what I did and invite a couple of
friends onto a private server and get
the exploit tested now of course an
auditable of this exploit all you're
going to need to do is to make sure you
have to develop a console enabled in the
DEF
what options and then go to the Advanced
section and then in the Advanced Options
section elsewhere on the menu scroll
down until you find remember the active
weapon between lives make sure you have
that box ticked effectively what this
does is it make sure that when you die
the last item that you had equipped in
your hands is the same item you're going
to have when you respawn in a very nice
handy user feature thank you for adding
that into the game tf2 devs however one
slight issue it now also causes
immortality but only if you're playing
the heavy class so what you're going to
want to do is equip those gloves up into
a game make sure you have all of this
set up and quickly switch between your
big minigun and your fists you can spam
queue to make this even faster if you
like ladies and gentlemen and just drain
your half down so that it's beneath
one-hundred then what you're going to
want to do is open up the console
command whilst having those lovely
gloves still equipped and type in the
word kill I know it's as easy as that
ladies and gentlemen now your character
is dead and they have a 12 second window
in which they're going to be respawning
after that 12 seconds we're going to hop
back to life but something's going to be
different you see whilst you're dead or
before you've actually died what you're
going to want to do is type into your
console and bind the F key or any key
but I recommend the F because it's next
to the D key alternatively spacebar
works to the action use asterisks now
once you have that key bound wait until
you're about two second before you're
about to respawn and then start mashing
away at the F key now provided
everything works what's going to happen
is you're going to spawn in with the
same item you had equipped in your past
life as we had the gloves equipped which
drained our health in the past life will
spawn in with that however because we've
been mashing the F key which is bound to
the use asterisks it's going to quick
switch over from those gloves into our
minigun provided it does quick switch to
the minigun everything here has worked
perfectly
if you don't quick switch the minigun it
means you need to remember to activate
weapons between lives and now that you
have the minigun equipped perfect first
point on don't change to your melee
weapon and you can run about the map as
you please but don't take any damage and
don't walk into any health dispensers
effectively what's happening behind the
scenes is your health is continuously
draining was also being blocked at the
maximum this is creating a bit of a
strange underflow error behind the
scenes and it's also going to basically
break the game's mechanics so the way
the immortality in this game works is
that the longer you wait for immortality
the more powerful it will be so what
we're doing here as you can see is quite
simply waiting in the spa
room for time to pass the longer you
wait the longer the immortality will be
and the more underflow negative health
your characters actually going to have
it doesn't quite roughly work out to one
minute of waiting to one minute of
immortality but it is pretty close so
feel free to use that as an estimate I
strongly recommend if you are trying to
pull off this exploit do have a couple
of friends that they can keep the enemy
team distracted long enough for you to
build up a meaningful amount of
immortality and of course once you have
your immortality built up if you're out
there for two minutes as an immortal
unkillable god your teammates can also
be pulling off the exploit at the same
time in the spawn room
now once you've waited around long
enough quickly switch back to your
fantastic pair of gloves and what you'll
notice is your health immediately drops
to one technically it's actually less
than one then what you're going to want
to do is switch back on over to your
minigun and you'll notice your help
immediately climbs from worn back up to
300 very very quickly
it's then also going to be overcharged
and for some reason you're going to be
continuously gaining the overcharge
effect and it's never going to stop
right up until the immortality wears off
so the overcharge will come in and
you'll keep gaining health at this rate
you're actually gaining hundreds of
health per second but you won't actually
be able to see any of it the game will
cap you at 300 but the health is still
continuously flooding into your body
from this point on ladies and gentlemen
you are basically immortal the only way
that you can be killed is if you lose
all 300 of that health instantaneously
only way to pull this off is if you're
hit in the head with an overcharge
sniper or you're stabbed in the back by
a spy another way to get round this
however is to have yourself healed by a
medic as a friendly medic boosting you
of a heal can boost your health up to
say 450 and suddenly the sniper is going
to have a much harder time one hitting
you but almost all of our weapons
including other heavies medics soldiers
demo men hi rose all of them can't kill
you and seeing as you're in a mortal
which can basically spin around and
pivot on a spot and kill everything
enemy spies are probably also going to
have a hard time getting to you so the
only thing you need to watch out for is
making sure your head doesn't get blown
off as you can see here immortality
works surprisingly effectively you'll
still receive effects from knock-back
and the like but you will not actually
be able to die you've achieved it ladies
and gentlemen true perfect immortality
it just works it really does just work
so there we have it ladies and gentlemen
I hope you've liked what you've seen a
cure
probably down in the comment section
trying to come over the fact that this
is absolutely bonkers and ludicrous but
at the end of the day this export isn't
quite as crazy as when valve decided to
accidentally destroy the entire house
economy that this game had with one very
broken loot box such a shame that Valve
removed it way too quickly it was a
great laugh anyway ladies and gentlemen
if you have enjoyed what you've seen so
far and I've got something exciting in
store for you I'm going to be testing
out the six-foot on some very unknowing
volunteers who probably haven't had many
hours on tf2 in the first place and are
now going to be facing off against an
entire team of immortal heavies so let's
see how they do their targeted leave
very well are they BAM I've jumped into
the midpoint of the video when you least
expected me you did expect me now you're
getting used to this and becoming
smarter oh no it's the last thing we
wanted to have happen well welcome to
the midpoint of the video I'd like to
say thank you very much taller you
lovely people who've brought my majestic
mug in these very confusing and
complicated times which we currently
live in my extra-large mug has gone from
strength to strength becoming my most
widely sought-after mug of all time some
say it's an even bigger mug than myself
that's really saying something but I
mostly wanted to jump in here not to
talk about my mug but instead to say
thank you very much for watching the
video the channel has grown absolutely
tremendous amount over the last few
months and hey if you're new here please
say hi I'd like to personally thank each
and every one of you in the comment
section well I'm sure that's not really
possible but I'll certainly give it a
good go you're all absolutely fantastic
for providing me with far too much
entertainment in these relatively boring
times for most normal people now other
people wanting to go outside I prepared
myself for this hmm
although it's the tea that's really
keeping me going god I love tea anyway
I've taken up far too much of your very
valuable and incredible times let's dive
straight back into this videos what you
have even more chaos to show off there
we go and immortality achieved open fire
minty open fire I just works it's fair
it's fair minty it's fair perfectly
balanced perfectly balanced this is a
tf2 and twenty20 this is what the people
still playing in 2020 have to look
forward to
come on century oh no I'm a fret Am I
it's annoying I will say that all right
so all we need to do guys on the dev
team just keep those keep those filthy
casual patrons obey but don't cap the
point get off the point get off the
point don't progress we are simply
keeping them pinned no progression is
necessary right hello red team let us
fight you all of the other heavy is no
fighting you're allowed to follow but no
actual killing people Oh cap the point
hello there red soldier there we go we
cap the point corner on to the next one
everyone else on the dev team feel free
to stand back in the distance and
observe as we kept the final point and
Chicana let's not cap let's stand here
and give them a chance to fight us come
on soldiers fight us you're doing great
soldier keep keep at it keep at it guys
you're doing awesome one day one day
they'll get us one day oh I'm getting
attacked by some cheeky boy up here oh
we're getting Birds oh the high DPS if
only it could reach me through my mortal
shell we having fun guys you you patrons
pay for this experience the privilege of
fighting immortal gods
how is my immortality not expired yet is
going great normally it wears off after
why oh you're dead I guess I've only got
about five seconds left then yep that's
me done it's not heresy it's just that
we had a health pool of about 27,000 all
right let's do this let's cap the final
point
good job guys we've what this has been
about four minutes we've waited I think
this is long enough yeah okay let's do
this free switch and there we go let's
go
scouts just simply hang back so you
don't draw the turret fire and let's do
it all this loaded screen shake
just keep walking fast keep going this
is it we've got it cap the point Oh
minty you've got the sign - where'd you
get that from Wow how can you drop me
the side oh there it is awesome oh wait
no that's top way mortality I'm bored
him No
right now let's do something fun
everyone become the spy class everyone
all teams it's pie time operation
deceive one person well there's me as a
spy wait now one of you guys is a spy
someone around here oh god it was Wiggy
all along hey Connor how are you doing
that's not Kota that's not corner you're
not quarter oh wait no you are Connor
what now I'm even more confused oh
halfway okay cap the point led oh go
back you take the other one beads yes
GG blues honestly I don't know who was
on the winning team and not and that's
it ladies and gentlemen that's all the
tf2 we have time for but wait there's
more of a video to this I know it's
absolutely incredible actual have
certain things I want to talk about I
want to turn this video into also
including a little bit of an update as
to what we have planned for the channel
in a brand new segment I'm going to be
calling quarantine time with spiff so go
grab yourself a nice warm beverage of
your choice unless of course your
choices coffee in which case it's the
wrong choice and sit down as we have a
lovely chat now was this might feel like
a job interview you're probably right
except unlike most job interviews if you
disappoint me it hope be more than just
your financial well-being on the line
but in all seriousness I hope you're all
keeping well I'm person doing quite good
despite all the quarantine I'm tea
production has been at an all-time high
for me personally and so fear not the
stability of spiff co is assured we will
one day half the global domination
you're also invested in so thank you for
being the shareholder and if you're not
a shareholder feel free to buy one of
our 14 million shares now available for
only 40 million rubles but once again in
all seriousness I hope you're all
keeping yourselves well it's a
complicated term that we find ourselves
in and of course it's a time for
experimentation and change bugs I've all
of this free time that which I can't
spent going outside which cancer did
much of anyway I imagine you going to be
sinking more time into video production
allowing us to do more weird wacky and
crazy of videos than ever before I have
a few very interesting plans including
hopefully return to Skyrim although I
must say I will probably need a lot of
enthusiasm to return
to scare him I do love the game but I
have played it an awful lot
I fear that every time I return I cannot
live up to the glory that Rihanna keeps
deserves
so instead probably the next interlude
of Rihanna Oh Kives you going to see
will be in the form of fallout 4 that's
right I have a fallout 4 video in the
works in which case once again we're
going to be taking a fantastical hero
can you even call them a hero Oh God
well it's Rihanna bloody Kives you can
call him what you like here Oh God
destroyer of just about everything a
most powerful being in the universe
we're going to be taking him for a spin
in fallout 4 to see what else he can
desecrate in terms of Todd Howard's
beautiful creations at the same time I
have a few more plans for banner Lord
which should be in lovely and
fantastical and I even have a copy of
The Witch of free lined up I know so
maybe there's going to be more videos
than you could have ever expected as
always the priority in which I go about
these videos is entirely based on the
community I know it's a crazy idea but I
actually read the comments a lot of
youtubers believe that reading comments
is a surefire way to damage your mental
health and sure that might be the case
for some I am absolutely proud of the
community I have I have a community of
really generous people who I've
regularly see in the comment section
being nice to each other and honestly
that makes me proud give yourselves a
pat on the back to think that this
community didn't exist five years ago
and now here we are set with over 1.3
million of you tea-drinking bastards
actually being polite and gentlemanly to
each other and honestly it's beautiful
I'm proud of all of you of together we
have created something absolutely crazy
so yes if you have any suggestions for
what you'd like to see in videos be it a
changing the way we do from nails titles
descriptions comments you name it I will
take it on board every single idea is a
good idea in my books it could be a
stupid good idea but it's still a good
idea and it will be received so plants
are bigger
fantastical community events although
I'm not too sure I'm going to actually
go about doing them I did have a rather
silly idea for a 256 play a game of EU 4
which would be a world record-breaking
event only downside is in order to have
256 players vu4 they'd have to all not
lag and probably be running off of land
so I'd need to fly 256 people into one
tiny box locked them together and then
watch them play EU for such a task is
naturally impossible at the moment and
also fundamentally crazy and should
never happen but remote ideas of
fantastical community events are
actually in the works our minecraft
server is nearing completion and once
that is made I'm gonna be having a
minecraft server like no ever it's going
to hopefully be history in the turning
point in the era of Minecraft and
certainly something you should be
keeping your eyes out on anyway I've
already spoiled too much as always I'll
be hanging around on the community
discord mostly shouting at patrons who
do badly in csgo games but all of us are
there to have a chat if you are
struggling in these fantastical times or
not even struggling at all and just one
advice on how to brew tea or just
strange people to talk to and played
games with we've got all of them at got
it got a lot of strange people stay
clear of that Dave blue code try and
sell you coffee we haven't caught and
doing it publicly yet and trust me soon
as we have caught him he'll be bad
anyway I think that's all for me today
ladies and gentlemen I hope you do have
an absolutely fantastic Oded I genuinely
do mean it seriously look after
yourselves and have a wonderful time as
always a massive thank you to each and
every one of our majestic patrons you
make these fantastic videos all the more
possible and hey if you're sat there
wondering what video you'd like to watch
next well look no further than this one
on screen now I've had chosen this video
to be perfect for you if you enjoyed
today's video anyway I'll see each and
every one of you in the next one have an
absolutely lovely day and good bye for
now